README.md, before:

# aCw-S-Plus-PullResourceAdditions
PullResourceAdditions items for use with Dedicated Storage (Plus Extinction core items) on aCw Servers.

To include the additional vanilla items and items from the mod, open the gameusersettings.ini from the extinction core modded servers and paste the content from the "PullResourceAdditions.txt" behind "PullResourceAdditions=" (usually at the very end of the [StructuresPlus] settings section)

EXAMPLE:
PullResourceAdditions=/Game/PrimalEarth/CoreBlueprints/Resources/PrimalItemResource_Pelt.PrimalItemResource_Pelt,/Game/PrimalEarth/Test/PrimalItemConsumable_Egg_Ankylo.PrimalItemConsumable_Egg_Ankylo

It is a comma separated list! No wordwrap! No quotation marks!

The especially for the aCw Extinction Core Servers edited list is as short as possible but very useful in terms of the server settings. As a general rule i have deleted all the stuff we usually don't collect and maintain all the valuable stuff we often use. For example i have deleted Extinction Core dyes, some ammo/explosives, soups, traps, stackable weapons, seeds, eggs and kibbles. On the other hand i have included for example trophies, alpha trophies and some usefull ammo.
The file "Overview_DONT_USE_TO_COPYnPASTE.txt" shows all entries in readable formatting.


_________________________
Sources of my research:
https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/discussion/731604991/343786746007384809/
https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/discussion/731604991/3277925755440390079/ (Thanks to Geicorules for the detailed list)

Commit message:

Changes for servers with and without Extinction Core Mod.

README.md, after:

# aCw-S-Plus-PullResourceAdditions
PullResourceAdditions items for use with Dedicated Storage on aCw Servers.

For Servers without Extinction Core Mod:
To include the additional vanilla items and items from the mods (Steampunk, etc.), open the gameusersettings.ini from the servers without the Extinction Core Mod and paste the content from the "PullResourceAdditions.txt" behind "PullResourceAdditions=" (usually at the very end of the [StructuresPlus] settings section).

For Servers with Extinction Core Mod:
To include the additional vanilla items and items from the mods (Extinction Core, Steampunk etc.), open the gameusersettings.ini from the servers with the Extinction Core Mod and paste the content from the "PullResourceAdditions-ECmod.txt" behind "PullResourceAdditions=" (usually at the very end of the [StructuresPlus] settings section).

EXAMPLE:
PullResourceAdditions=/Game/PrimalEarth/CoreBlueprints/Resources/PrimalItemResource_Pelt.PrimalItemResource_Pelt,/Game/PrimalEarth/Test/PrimalItemConsumable_Egg_Ankylo.PrimalItemConsumable_Egg_Ankylo

It is a comma separated list! No wordwrap! No quotation marks!

The especially for the aCw Servers edited list is as short as possible but very useful in terms of the server settings. As a general rule i have deleted all the stuff we usually don't collect and maintain all the valuable stuff we often use. For example i have deleted Extinction Core dyes, some ammo/explosives, soups, traps, stackable weapons, seeds, eggs and kibbles. On the other hand i have included for example trophies, alpha trophies and some usefull ammo.
The file "Overview_DONT_USE_TO_COPYnPASTE.txt" for servers without the Extincion Core Mod and the file "Overview-ECmod_DONT_USE_TO_COPYnPASTE.txt" for servers with the Extincion Core Mod shows all entries in readable formatting.


_________________________
Sources of my research:
https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/discussion/731604991/343786746007384809/    (S+ Config Settings)
https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/discussion/731604991/3277925755440390079/   (Extincion Core Mod - Thanks to Geicorules for the detailed list)
http://steampunkmod.com/spawn-codes/                                                        (Steampunk Mod)
https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/discussion/512609530/490125737470505480/    (Multi weapon attachments + tranq rifle Mod)
https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/discussion/778345456/133255810026271264/    (Boosted Fabricator+ [2.0] Mod)
https://steamcommunity.com/workshop/filedetails/discussion/1327835335/2650805212052333889/  (EZ Mind Wipes Mod)
